README.md, before:

# *QALight
This story takes its beginning since 25 January thanks to the https://foundation.qalight.ua/ website.

### Prerequisites
--> I chose the Web Dev path of that program because I studied the Front-End for a year by myself.

### The Process of the selection 
1. There was a test about the Computer Literacy. <br>
2. There were webinars on 25/27 January later. <br>
3. There was a process of the selection after the previously steps. <br>

--> Gladly, I passed the test and also was chosen as the learner later.

### Why was it QALight?
--> QALight won the grant to study the vulnerable and endangered social groups of Ukrainians <br> (unemployed, IDP or those who suffering from the war).

### The Lecturer of the course
<a href="https://github.com/couchjanus">Janus Couch</a>

### The Mentor of the course
Vlad Solonko

### Languages
Ukrainian/English

### LICENSE
This repository follows the <a href="https://github.com/couchjanus/web-dev-exercises/blob/main/LICENSE">MIT License</a>.


### My />Web Developer</ projects from the QALight

Commit message:

+css folder and the files, +desc in the README

README.md, after:

# *QALight
This story takes its beginning since 25 January thanks to the https://foundation.qalight.ua/ website.

### Prerequisites
--> I chose the Web Dev path of that program because I studied the Front-End for a year by myself.

### The Process of the selection 
1. There was a test about the Computer Literacy. <br>
2. There were webinars on 25/27 January later. <br>
3. There was a process of the selection after the previously steps. <br>

--> Gladly, I passed the test and also was chosen as the learner later.

### Why was it QALight?
--> QALight won the grant to study the vulnerable and endangered social groups of Ukrainians <br> (unemployed, IDP or those who suffering from the war).

### The Lecturer of the course
<a href="https://github.com/couchjanus">Janus Couch</a>

### The Mentor of the course
Vlad Solonko

### Languages
Ukrainian/English

### LICENSE
This repository follows the <a href="https://github.com/couchjanus/web-dev-exercises/blob/main/LICENSE">MIT License</a>.


## My />Web Developer</ projects from the QALight
### And this root also contains the files of the personal site
