exercises/lecture-01/README.md, before:

# QALight
## The Homework to the Lecture 1

## My tasks were:
- [x] Install VSCode, Git, set up the Git<br>
- [x] Create the new repo with the name "TEZv"<br>
- [x] In the root folder of the project execute: <br>
  git remote add origin https://github.com/<Github name>/<Github name>.github.io<br>
- [x] Create the project structure:<br>
├── exercises<br>
│   ├── index.html<br>
│   ├── lecture-01<br>
│   │   ├── index.html<br>
│   │   └── README.md<br>
│   └── README.md<br>
├── index.html<br>
├── LICENSE<br>
└── README.md<br>
- [x] Edit the exercises/README.md file <br>
- [x] Edit the exercises/lecture-01/README.md file<br>
- [x] Execute git add . -> git commit -m "added exercise 1" -> git push origin main
<br><br>
**P.S.** 😃.

## The Website
Of the current task: <br>
The lecture-01 website: https://tezv.github.io/ <br>
The link to the task: https://github.com/couchjanus/web-dev-exercises/tree/main/exercises/lecture-01
<br />
--> Github

## Deadline
31.01.24 <br />

- [x] Done 95% of all requirements by 31.01.24

Commit message:

+the doctype in .html, +the website in .md

exercises/lecture-01/README.md, after:

# QALight
## The Homework to the Lecture 1

## My tasks were:
- [x] Install VSCode, Git, set up the Git<br>
- [x] Create the new repo with the name "TEZv"<br>
- [x] In the root folder of the project execute: <br>
  git remote add origin https://github.com/<Github name>/<Github name>.github.io<br>
- [x] Create the project structure:<br>
├── exercises<br>
│   ├── index.html<br>
│   ├── lecture-01<br>
│   │   ├── index.html<br>
│   │   └── README.md<br>
│   └── README.md<br>
├── index.html<br>
├── LICENSE<br>
└── README.md<br>
- [x] Edit the exercises/README.md file <br>
- [x] Edit the exercises/lecture-01/README.md file<br>
- [x] Execute git add . -> git commit -m "added exercise 1" -> git push origin main
<br><br>
**P.S.** 😃.

## The Website
Of the current task: <br>
The lecture-01 website: https://qalight-tezv-lecture-01.netlify.app/ <br>
The link to the task: https://github.com/couchjanus/web-dev-exercises/tree/main/exercises/lecture-01
<br />
--> Github

## Deadline
31.01.24 <br />

- [x] Done 95% of all requirements by 31.01.24
- [x] Added !Doctype and the site on 21.02.24
