exercises/lecture-05/README.md, before:

# QALight
## The Homework to the Lecture 5

- [x] Edit the project structure:<br>
├── exercises<br>
│   ├── lecture-NN<br>
│   ├── lecture-05<br>
│   │   ├── css<br>
│   │   │   └── main.css<br>
│   │   ├── index.html<br>
│   │   └── README.md<br>
│   ├── index.html <br>
│   └── README.md<br>
├── index.html<br>
├── LICENSE<br>
└── README.md<br>
- [x] Visit Google Fonts https://fonts.google.com/ website<br>
- [x] Edit the index.html file <br>
- [x] Edit css/main.css<br>
- [x] Repeat 2 last steps a few times following the lecture tasks<br>
- [x] Edit the index.html file of the personal website by adding <`link`> tag<br>
- [x] Edit the css/main.css file of the personal website by adding @import rule<br>
- [x] Edit the css/common.css file
<br><br>

**P.S.** 🤓.

## The Website
Of the current task: <br>
The lecture-04 website: https://qalight-tezv-lecture-05.netlify.app/<br>
The link to the task: https://github.com/couchjanus/web-dev-exercises/tree/main/exercises/lecture-05
<br />
--> Netlify

## Deadline
09.02.24 <br />

- [x] Done 95% of all requirements by 09.02.24

Commit message:

+10-11 tasks in .css and .html, +styles in .css's files, +.md tasks of lctr5, +structure in .html

exercises/lecture-05/README.md, after:

# QALight
## The Homework to the Lecture 5

- [x] Edit the project structure:<br>
├── exercises<br>
│   ├── lecture-NN<br>
│   ├── lecture-05<br>
│   │   ├── css<br>
│   │   │   └── main.css<br>
│   │   ├── index.html<br>
│   │   └── README.md<br>
│   ├── index.html <br>
│   └── README.md<br>
├── index.html<br>
├── LICENSE<br>
└── README.md<br>
- [x] Visit Google Fonts https://fonts.google.com/ website<br>
- [x] Edit the index.html file <br>
- [x] Edit css/main.css<br>
- [x] Repeat 2 last steps a few times following the lecture tasks<br>
- [x] Edit the index.html file of the personal website by adding <`link`> tag<br>
- [x] Edit the css/main.css file of the personal website by adding @import rule<br>
- [x] Edit the css/common.css file, css/main.css, index.html according to the lecture tasks 8-11
<br><br>

**P.S.** 🤓.

## The Website
Of the current task: <br>
The lecture-04 website: https://qalight-tezv-lecture-05.netlify.app/<br>
The link to the task: https://github.com/couchjanus/web-dev-exercises/tree/main/exercises/lecture-05
<br />
--> Netlify

## Deadline
09.02.24 <br />

- [x] Done 95% of all requirements by 09.02.24
